Hello farmer, I see you managed to get your hands on some fava beans.
I remember seeing fields of fava beans cover these mountain terraces.
However, with all the pests and dry weather these days, all my beans have dried up.
Would you mind sparing one of your fava beans with me? I’ll let you know the secrets behind when they need to be watered.
Thanks, friend. Fava beans tend to last 5 weeks of clear weather without being watered.
That's a shame, but I understand.
Hello farmer, I was passing by your farm and noticed that you were growing some Ichu (Crop Straw).
That’s a safe choice to make some good money. We could also use it for extra construction materials around here.
Speaking of, a recent storm wreaked havoc on my roof.
Think you could lend me some ichu to repair it? I’ll let you know the secrets behind when they need to be watered.
Thanks, friend. Ichu tends to last 3 weeks of clear weather without being watered.
That's a shame, but I understand.
Hello farmer, I heard that you decided to plant potatoes this season.
They’re a personal favorite of mine! Although, their profits aren’t what they used to be...
Nowadays, you can only sell a kilo for around 25 cents, so I’ve substituted them for garlic. I really do miss them, though.
Is there any chance I could have one of your potatoes? I’ll let you know the secrets behind when they need to be watered.
Thanks, friend. Potatoes tend to last 6 weeks of clear weather without being watered.
That's a shame, but I understand.
Hello farmer, I see that you've been planting quinoa.
I remember back in the day when you could make a few good bucks from a harvest, but now you’d be lucky to make even half of that...
It’s a shame too. The stuff is super healthy, but we don’t have the luxury of keeping any for ourselves.
Think I could have one of your quinoa plants to help put food on the table? I’ll let you know the secrets behind when they need to be watered.
Thanks, friend. Quinoa beans tend to last 4 weeks of clear weather without being watered.
That's a shame, but I understand.
Hey, farmer!
Goodbye!